<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/000203.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Fri, 01 May 2020 18:14:20 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [57north-ctte] Deposit paid.
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:57north-ctte%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-ctte%5D%20Deposit%20paid.&In-Reply-To=%3C1526029579.1579536.1368455168.44FE134D%40webmail.messagingengine.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/000202.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/000204.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[57north-ctte] Deposit paid.</H1>
    <B>Hibby</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:57north-ctte%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-ctte%5D%20Deposit%20paid.&In-Reply-To=%3C1526029579.1579536.1368455168.44FE134D%40webmail.messagingengine.com%3E"
       TITLE="[57north-ctte] Deposit paid.">d at vehibberd.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri May 11 10:06:19 BST 2018</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/000202.html">[57north-ctte] Deposit paid.
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/000204.html">[57north-ctte] Deposit paid.
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/date.html#203">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/thread.html#203">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/subject.html#203">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/author.html#203">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Yeah, good work. 

We need to get our current space tidied out - is it worth having a throwout/sell everything party this weekend or a weeknight or two next week? Perhaps a Monday/Tuesday so there are hands to help. 

We have some cruft we don't need to carry with us, and plenty stuff to pack away - is it worth going through that now to catalogue what we're moving and what we're chucking, or do we pack everything away, move it and then throw some of it out?
Once we know what sheena wants to keep, we can clear those out first, then move to packing and seeing what else we can get rid of. 

We definitely need to look at packing and moving stuff in the next 10-15 days.


In terms of designing the new space, Kev wants to go in to look at it to think about fitout/electrics, and Peter really wants to drop by to look at the fire doors.  There is a list on a pad [0], linked on the wiki in the timeline[1] about questions to think about next time someone is in there. Contributions are very welcome

Once Kev's been in, we can have a better idea of what the basic fitout is going to cost, start talking about fundrasing and then let Iain continue to talk about lights [2].

An email to the list regarding timescales and buildup activities is probably due. 
Regarding that, I've got a loose timescale on the wiki [1]. My idea was mostly that we get the base of a design &amp; layout agreed by the end of this month, and build a required list of materials based on that. After me telling him his first effort was shit, Iain's made a decent go at it for lighting [2], so it shouldn't be too laborious.   
In June, we (buy and) build it up in stages on Tuesday/other nights, which are loosely detailed on the wiki. Ideally by being able to say &quot;this week is electrical wiring wiring, we need this list of kit &quot; we can collect hardware or financial donations to make it happen. It also avoids us collecting deposits **now** when we'll have to move them and lose them in the future.  

Alas, I am away every May weekend and for the entirety of June, so my assistance outside planning and coordination is limited!


[0] <A HREF="https://pad.57north.org.uk/p/ES-queries1">https://pad.57north.org.uk/p/ES-queries1</A>
[1] <A HREF="https://wiki.57north.org.uk/index.php/EngageSpace">https://wiki.57north.org.uk/index.php/EngageSpace</A>
[2] <A HREF="https://wiki.57north.org.uk/index.php/EngageSpace/Lighting">https://wiki.57north.org.uk/index.php/EngageSpace/Lighting</A>
-- 
  Hibby
  <A HREF="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-ctte">d at vehibberd.com</A>
  MM3ZRZ

On Fri, 11 May 2018, at 9:22 AM, Edward Watson wrote:
&gt;<i> Dear Directors.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> The deposit for the new space was paid yesterday and receipt issued.
</I>&gt;<i> We can now look to fitting, sorting and moving items between spaces.
</I>&gt;<i> The new location is still full of the existing contents - chairs etc
</I>&gt;<i> and practically an entire catering kitchen setup. One additional item
</I>&gt;<i> Andrew requested was keycard access (or whatever we use when we add
</I>&gt;<i> access) from the street side door in to the stairwell. I spoke that I
</I>&gt;<i> did not see an issue with that but would check with directors.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Andrew has offered us anything we want to keep and to my mind at least
</I>&gt;<i> one useful thing is that looks like an instant hot water dispenser. I
</I>&gt;<i> have offered my time to assist him with junking the contents (he has a
</I>&gt;<i> van and a place to dump the junk I am assuming) and of course if
</I>&gt;<i> anyone else is able to assist that would help greatly. We may also
</I>&gt;<i> want to keep some existing basement tables/chairs but we'll know more
</I>&gt;<i> once I have met Sheena this Saturday at noon to go over our current
</I>&gt;<i> space inventory. I am also waiting on dates when Andrew's van will be
</I>&gt;<i> available.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Now we have firmer footing, it might be a good time to make an
</I>&gt;<i> announcement to the list(s) about the next steps I imagine. Anyone
</I>&gt;<i> planning an email for that?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Kind regards,
</I>&gt;<i> Treasuring Co-Director Nordin
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> 57north-ctte mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-ctte">57north-ctte at lists.57north.co</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-ctte">http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-ctte</A>
</I></PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/000202.html">[57north-ctte] Deposit paid.
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/000204.html">[57north-ctte] Deposit paid.
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/date.html#203">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/thread.html#203">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/subject.html#203">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/author.html#203">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-ctte">More information about the 57north-ctte
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2018-May/000203.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Fri, 01 May 2020 18:14:20 GMT -->
</html>
