<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/000022.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 25 Oct 2020 18:55:39 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [57north-announce] Meeting 2014-04-22
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:57north-announce%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-announce%5D%20Meeting%202014-04-22&In-Reply-To=%3C20140422204510.GB2548%40orbiter%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/000021.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/000023.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[57north-announce] Meeting 2014-04-22</H1>
    <B>meetingbot at 57north.co</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:57north-announce%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-announce%5D%20Meeting%202014-04-22&In-Reply-To=%3C20140422204510.GB2548%40orbiter%3E"
       TITLE="[57north-announce] Meeting 2014-04-22">meetingbot at 57north.co
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Apr 22 20:45:10 UTC 2014</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/000021.html">[57north-announce] Red Alert 2 night
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/000023.html">[57north-announce] campGND
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/date.html#22">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/thread.html#22">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/subject.html#22">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/author.html#22">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>The minutes for the meeting that occured on the 22nd of April 2014 are
attached below.

Regards,
meetingbot

-------------- next part --------------
# begin

19:33

# Cats

In Iain's absence Carl provided pictures of some cats. One was
sleeping on a laptop.

# bank account

We haven't yet got any details back from the bank. 

ACTION: Carl will get in touch with them to see what's happening.

# Money

We need to be bringing in more we are still running short of enough
people to cover expenses - please bring in anyone you think might be
willing to join and spread the word to any related groups. 

Workshops might manage to help with this.

# Tool safely

Please be carreful with the tools. 

Don't copy Carl and drill into metal without eye protection.

We have some safety equipment - could do with some more. 

# Network

There is one - we probably don't need any more networking kit at the
moment.

For admin access to things speak to Carl or Iain. 

# New member procedure

We still need one. There is some confusion about what it is for and
what we need to be doing with regards new member approval to follow
our articles.

# Hack'n'Make

Robert will get in touch with Edinburgh Hacklab to invite them. 

Iain will talk to Becycle (Iain's theory that he can't be assigned
work when he's not here is clearly invalid).

We will have drinks at the space after Hack'n'Make. 

Carl will be bringing the text controlled cable. 

Tony will be doing lock picking stuff. 

Ed is handling a flashy badge making workshop - could do with some
help please speak to him if you are willing to help.

We still want more interesting things to demo. 

# security

Tony has some bars to make the space more secure - will be coming in
shortly.

The cameras have been lost somewhere in Nottinghack. We might still
get them. Meantime if anyone has any cameras we could use they would
be appreciated.

# Power

There will be a list of things to switch off when leaving so we don't
waste power.

ACTION: Carl will sort this out.

# Photos/media

We want some more. Next major photo op will be Hack'n'Make. We could
also do with having some more photos of members own projects and
member working on stuff.

# Themed Thursdays

Look on the website for what is happening. 

Please volunteer to run more, or let us know if there are any that
you'd like to see someone run.

# Membership cards

Carl has lots of magswipe cards that say Aberdeen Uni - could have
these if we had a use for them.

# AOCB

## decision making

There have been a couple of things where things have been agreed at
meetings and then someone has just changed their mind. Possibly this
is confusion over what is agreed at the meetings. 

We do need to a better job of recording what is agreed at meetings and
communicating to the wider group when/if things change. Please read
minutes and say if they don't clearly state what you think was agreed
at the meeting.

## Where minutes go

We did have an agreement way back when to be using the wiki for
minutes. They then stayed on github. This was mostly because Robert
was doing them and didn't like the wiki. To improve this we will
document some links to how to github.

## Being welcoming

We need to be more welcoming of other people to get more members.
There has been too much stuff on the mailing list where folks are
expecting too much technical ability or getting annoyed with people
because of overly specific expectations of what a hackspace member
should be. We need more members so everyone needs to try harder to be
friendly.

## Decision making

There was some discussion about how we should be making decisions. 

There was no real consensus on how this should be happening for day to
day decisions. Some points that were hit:

 * Anything involving spending money should go to the directors

 * Directors need a majority of them to agree to have agreement

 * For anything being looked after by someone talk to that someone.

 * Most decisions should go to the mailing list for input from other
   people.

 * If you suggest doing something on the mailing list and no one
   objects after some (undefined) reasonable amount of time then you
   have consensus.

 * The directors (at least) will be following the mailing list and
   will speak up if they have an objection.

# No more meetings?

Trial having all discussions on the mailing list for the next month
with a meeting still scheduled. The meeting should just be a tick box
going through

# Next meeting

20th May. 

## AGM

According to our articles of association we were supposed to have an
AGM in April so this will be an AGM (if the directors agree and we
manage to get out an announcement on time...).

# End

20:30 ish



</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/000021.html">[57north-announce] Red Alert 2 night
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/000023.html">[57north-announce] campGND
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/date.html#22">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/thread.html#22">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/subject.html#22">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/author.html#22">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-announce">More information about the 57north-announce
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-April/000022.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 25 Oct 2020 18:55:39 GMT -->
</html>
