<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/002884.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 25 Oct 2020 18:57:00 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [57north-discuss] Spending on new space
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:57north-discuss%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-discuss%5D%20Spending%20on%20new%20space&In-Reply-To=%3C78779c5f-ac18-5a38-e613-d00ed2f00dfe%40fsfe.org%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/002885.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[57north-discuss] Spending on new space</H1>
    <B>Iain R. Learmonth</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:57north-discuss%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-discuss%5D%20Spending%20on%20new%20space&In-Reply-To=%3C78779c5f-ac18-5a38-e613-d00ed2f00dfe%40fsfe.org%3E"
       TITLE="[57north-discuss] Spending on new space">irl at fsfe.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Jun  1 10:19:49 BST 2018</I>
    <P><UL>
        
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/002885.html">[57north-discuss] New space work on Monday
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/date.html#2884">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/thread.html#2884">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/subject.html#2884">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/author.html#2884">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi,

On 31/05/18 13:35, Robert McWilliam wrote:
&gt;<i> I know some people have taken responsibilty for sorting out some
</I>&gt;<i> components (Peter handling doors, Iain doing lights/network/...,
</I>&gt;<i> anyone else picked up something?). We have costings for main fit out
</I>&gt;<i> (that we don't yet have enough money to cover - expect details of fund
</I>&gt;<i> raising/begging in the near future). But don't have plans to be
</I>&gt;<i> spending on anything else.
</I>
I wouldn't say I'm responsible for the network. I just wanted to make
sure we had some data points around the room that went back through the
trunking.

The cable, faceplates and patch panel that are already in the space are
donations.

We're short on cable to finish the job, and we are also missing the
distribution rack to install the patch panel into. This would be (very
roughly) 100gbp to finish for cabling the main room and getting the
wall-mount rack. Given enough time this would probably appear as a
donation from me, but if someone else is more enthusiastic then they can
go ahead.

&gt;<i> I'm hoping that's because the people handling this are donating the
</I>&gt;<i> required stuff and we wont need to spend space money on it :) But I do
</I>&gt;<i> want to be sure that is the case, and not have an unexpected bill for
</I>&gt;<i> stuff that the space can't actually afford to pay, or have stuff that
</I>&gt;<i> is only being loaned and some component of our locks/lights/whatever
</I>&gt;<i> being taken back by their owner.
</I>
The lighting and cabling that I've installed are all donated to the
space, not loaned.

&gt;<i> Spending space money has to be approved by the board according to
</I>&gt;<i> Space Corp. Directive 99. If anything is needed that isn't being
</I>&gt;<i> donated, let us know what's needed and why and we can get back to you
</I>&gt;<i> with a yes or no on if the space can/will pay for it.
</I>
I'm not sure yet if there was more cable appearing. I wasn't able to get
to the space on Tuesday due to injury. I would like to get the last two
data points installed before we start filling the shelves in the main
room, etc. so it's easier to get the cable in the trunking.

I don't think it's that important to get the distribution rack up yet
though.

Thanks,
Iain.

-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: signature.asc
Type: application/pgp-signature
Size: 833 bytes
Desc: OpenPGP digital signature
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/attachments/20180601/45aacd2e/attachment.sig">http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/attachments/20180601/45aacd2e/attachment.sig</A>&gt;
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/002885.html">[57north-discuss] New space work on Monday
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/date.html#2884">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/thread.html#2884">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/subject.html#2884">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/author.html#2884">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-discuss">More information about the 57north-discuss
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2018-June/002884.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 25 Oct 2020 18:57:01 GMT -->
</html>
