<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/000095.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Tue, 16 Nov 2021 10:43:20 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [57north-announce] Director meeting minutes 25/10/14
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:57north-announce%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-announce%5D%20Director%20meeting%20minutes%2025/10/14&In-Reply-To=%3C20141113121842.GA44711%40gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/000096.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/000099.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[57north-announce] Director meeting minutes 25/10/14</H1>
    <B>Tom Jones</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:57north-announce%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-announce%5D%20Director%20meeting%20minutes%2025/10/14&In-Reply-To=%3C20141113121842.GA44711%40gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[57north-announce] Director meeting minutes 25/10/14">jones at sdf.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Nov 13 12:18:45 UTC 2014</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/000096.html">[57north-announce] Open Tuesday
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/000099.html">[57north-announce] IMPORTANT: hackr migration to Debian
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/date.html#95">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/thread.html#95">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/subject.html#95">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/author.html#95">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Minutes from last meeting.


-- 
Tom
@adventureloop
adventurist.me

#pragma summon cthulhu
:<i>wq
</I>-------------- next part --------------
*** Directors Meeting Minutes ***

Date: 25/10/14
Location: Archies, Aberdeen.

In attendance:
Tom Jones, Edward Watson, Robert McWilliam, Carl Anderson, David Hibbard

Time start: 19:26

Chair person: Tom
Minutes: Ed

1) Updating director information for maillist(s) and banking

Mail lists:
 - Tom: Ctte mailman mail-lists have been updated by a server admin (Iain)
 - It is to be noted that ctte-private emails can be seen by server admins. Encryption should be used for private messages.
 - Tom is now receiving emails from the main 57north contact mail-list. Tom will forward on proper emails and filter spam.
 
Banking
 - Printed forms were distributed for filling out by new directors (to include the removal of outgoing directors)
 - Ed to fill out online banking forms
 - Ed to return forms to RBS for processing
 
2) Updating Companies House
 - Ed to reset CH credentials
 - Ed to share new CH credentials with all directors
 - CH changes to be made by Ed:  Rob and Dave to be added as directors, Iain and Calum to be removed
 - Rob to add new articles to CH 
 
3) Premises going forward
 - Rob to ask landlady regarding the availability of the room next door
 - Rob to request update on the fixing of the toilet floor. Ask if space members complete the job for a concession (e.g. 1 months rent) 
 - Rob to share management of electric billing. Will resume communications with Sheena regarding how it is paid.
 - Dave to purchase a new larger bin and sturdy bin bags for the the space and arrange improved signage.
 - Rob to investigate adding a door intercom to the street door
 - Carl to resume inquiries regarding other premises
 
4) Key policy going forward
 - Members cannot get into the space from the front door (Evident from survey feedback)
 - New keys to be made and shared out in a controlled manner to any member (?10 deposit and registration)
 - Carl: To cut ?20 worth of new keys and mark them with IDs
 - All: There is an issue of how we deal with access for members in arrears. This will be put to the membership for feedback.
 - Carl to survey membership for who has what space keys

5) AOCB
 a Resolution for reoccurring rent payments
   - Board: Ed is authorised to continue payments
 b Assign task: Register for rates re council
   - Tom and Dave to take the lead 
 c Contact land lady about other room and BR floor
   - See above
 d Removal of junk, bigger bins
   - Re bin, see above. Ed to audit junk and consult membership 
 e Website update (Open Tues, Directors)
   - Dave to place call to the membership to take on administration roles for social media
 f Survey feedback
   - Ed to post digest of results to membership 
 g Hackhub
   - Rob will teach hackhub to better track payments for membership
   - Server admins to move hackhub to an existing bitfolk server
   - Hackhub v2 is currently awaiting proposals and a projects owner from the membership

Time End: 20:38
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp-signature
Size: 860 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/attachments/20141113/f30f3f90/attachment.sig">http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/attachments/20141113/f30f3f90/attachment.sig</A>&gt;
</PRE>





<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/000096.html">[57north-announce] Open Tuesday
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/000099.html">[57north-announce] IMPORTANT: hackr migration to Debian
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/date.html#95">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/thread.html#95">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/subject.html#95">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/author.html#95">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-announce">More information about the 57north-announce
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2014-November/000095.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Tue, 16 Nov 2021 10:43:20 GMT -->
</html>
