<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/001002.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 25 Oct 2020 18:57:48 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [57north-discuss] Board Meeting Minutes - 18th July 2014 (signed)
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:57north-discuss%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-discuss%5D%20Board%20Meeting%20Minutes%20-%2018th%20July%202014%20%28signed%29&In-Reply-To=%3C20140723102137.GA22518%40gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/001032.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/001003.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[57north-discuss] Board Meeting Minutes - 18th July 2014 (signed)</H1>
    <B>Ed Watson</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:57north-discuss%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-discuss%5D%20Board%20Meeting%20Minutes%20-%2018th%20July%202014%20%28signed%29&In-Reply-To=%3C20140723102137.GA22518%40gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[57north-discuss] Board Meeting Minutes - 18th July 2014 (signed)">mail at edwilldesign.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed Jul 23 10:21:44 UTC 2014</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/001032.html">[57north-discuss] [57north-announce] Tuesday
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/001003.html">[57north-discuss] FW: Join us to learn about the Shell/Peterhead Carbon Capture Storage Project
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/date.html#1002">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/thread.html#1002">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/subject.html#1002">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/author.html#1002">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Please find below the minutes for the 57North board meeting held on the 18th of July 2014, chaired by Ed Watson. These minutes are submitted as an accurate account of that meeting, as PGP signed by the chair.

** Directors Meeting Minutes 2014-18-07 **

Board Members present:  Tom Jones, Carl Anderson, Iain Learmonth, Ed Watson, Calum Chisholm

No ordinary members present.

Start: 19:20

Ed Watson elected to chair board meeting


1. Contacting members of hackerdeen
------------------------------------

Email the members of hackerdeen,

Tom:            Suggests emailing the members of hackerdeen explaining where the space is and what we are doing.
Carl, Iain:     Suggest sending a questionnaire asking why they stop coming in.
Ed:             Set up a questionnaire to the general user base.

Actions:

Ed:     will put together a questionnaire for the whole membership to capture feedback
Calum:  will put together an email to the members of Hackerdeen
Iain:   will set up a response address for questionnaires.

Directors agreed questionnaire responses should be anonymous


2. Dismemberment
------------------------------------

Calum, Tom: Suggest adding 'a reasonable period' for consideration of membership expulsion
Iain:       Suggested 30 days' as an explicit consideration

Consider further at EGM

We will email members in arrears.

Two options with the amount of notice we give to members in bad standing.

Carl:   Notice of until the EGM
Iain:   30 days notice

Vote:
30 Days:        Iain,Tom,Ed,Calum
Until EGM:      Carl

Board:  We will give members 30 days notice until end of membership


3. Social media policy
------------------------------------

Iain:   Describes his concepts behind a social media policy.  Based off the BBC's social media policy

Calum:  Political issues that are of general issues should sharable on social media.

Carl:   Policy should address issues that were caused in the space before

Board:  We need to review the policy and it needs to be decided on by the membership at EGM.


4. Diversity policy
------------------------------------

Board:  We need to review the policy and it needs to be decided on by the membership at EGM.


5. Member participation
------------------------------------

Feedback to a questionnaire to the membership.

Recurring themed events once a month, need to consider other groups

Give badge kits to inexperienced users

Introductory Kits for new members/perspective members

Tom:    PUZZIL BOX!!!!!

Carl:   Learning kits, example 'Linux live CDs to run their daily stuff'

Calum:  Converting ATX power supplies into bench power supplies

Tear Downs of equipment, tear down night

Bi-Monthly Workshop (every second month)


6. Delegation of powers
------------------------------------

Current Delegations:
        Hackhub (seeking assignment)
        Doorbot (seeking assignment)
        Social Media (seeking assignment)

Keys:   Tom
        Iain
        Ed
        Carl
        Tony (Calum will pursue)

Iain:   suggests an amendment to the articles that allows a member to run an event subject to board approval.

Board:  Phrase an amendment to articles and vote on EGM.

Vote:   ALL in favor.


7. General Financial Situation Report
------------------------------------

Current: 741.4 pounds standing orders inclusive

Electricity bill 240 pounds to bring meter from estimated to equals - uncertainly due to lack of readings prior to 57north rent agreement.

Board directs Ed to only accept usage of KiloWattHours since we took over the lease.

At present burn rate, we will be short on rent by October.

Estimated 200 pounds to come from MakeIt:Glo for TechFest.

Tom:    Suggests recurring workshops for children. This needs volunteers.

We need to decide space location going forward.

Actions:
Iain:   Ask Bruce about CRB checks for doing workshops


8. Emergency General Meeting
------------------------------------

We need to set an agenda with the following:
        Rename articles
        Social Media Policy
        Diversity Policy
        Membership Termination Period
        Reduction in board size
        Allow members to run events subject to board approval


9. OCT
------------------------------------

Establish a procedure for members that fall behind on dues.

Tom: Suggests on return from a membership gap members owe 1 month in fees. At discretion of the board. To be considered at EGM.

Amnesty of back dues
^^^Covered by above.

People running events for the space
^^^Covered by above.

Workshops
^^^Covered by above.

space lease options
 - Iain and Giles, will do a property search to evaluate the current market.

End: 20:58
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp-signature
Size: 827 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/attachments/20140723/b5a6d3e8/attachment.sig">http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/attachments/20140723/b5a6d3e8/attachment.sig</A>&gt;
</PRE>






<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/001032.html">[57north-discuss] [57north-announce] Tuesday
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/001003.html">[57north-discuss] FW: Join us to learn about the Shell/Peterhead Carbon Capture Storage Project
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/date.html#1002">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/thread.html#1002">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/subject.html#1002">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/author.html#1002">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-discuss">More information about the 57north-discuss
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-July/001002.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 25 Oct 2020 18:57:48 GMT -->
</html>
