<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/000312.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Tue, 16 Nov 2021 10:43:40 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [57north-ctte] Signed Minutes of Meeting, 2019-Jun-27
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:57north-ctte%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-ctte%5D%20Signed%20Minutes%20of%20Meeting%2C%202019-Jun-27&In-Reply-To=%3C7145bbd1-d7e6-4ebb-8f3d-f9e21b89a199%40www.fastmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/000310.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/000313.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[57north-ctte] Signed Minutes of Meeting, 2019-Jun-27</H1>
    <B>Dave Hibberd</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:57north-ctte%40lists.57north.co?Subject=Re%3A%20%5B57north-ctte%5D%20Signed%20Minutes%20of%20Meeting%2C%202019-Jun-27&In-Reply-To=%3C7145bbd1-d7e6-4ebb-8f3d-f9e21b89a199%40www.fastmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[57north-ctte] Signed Minutes of Meeting, 2019-Jun-27">d at vehibberd.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Nov 11 23:34:51 GMT 2019</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/000310.html">[57north-ctte] Planning to call board meeting
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/000313.html">[57north-ctte] Dear 57North Board Members. In accordance Article 80 of our articles, I hereby call a board meeting schedulled for Thurs 21st Nov 9pm till 10pm. The purpose is to: - Approve the latest books for submission to Companies House and HMRC by 30 Nov; and - Discuss our Companies House portal interconnectivity issues with HMRC, and to check all is resolved. We can use the seating on the far side of the room (relative to our normal location) for the meeting, should the space itself be occupied. Regards, Ed Treasuring Director, 57North.
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/date.html#312">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/thread.html#312">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/subject.html#312">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/author.html#312">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256

Howdy Y'all,

These are the minutes for the meeting that we held in June - 

I would have sent them out sooner, but I've been GPG struggling as we've all seen with my complaining in IRC earlier.

Anyway - on with the show, here are the long overdue, signed minutes

Hx

- --

# Board Meeting

Date: 27 June 2019

Location: Under the hammer

Present: Kev, Ed, Hibby, Tom and Andy

Chair: Hibby

Minutes: Andy

Started: 19:08


# Dismemeberment

Discussion about dismemeberment, members who have left / are no-longer paying subs.

Need a process for dismemeberment. Possibly something sending an email notice.  Discussed members avoiding dismenberment by paying 2 months subs, rather than all outstanding.  

Side note from hibby: Paragraph 22 of the articles details our expulsion from membership requirements: 
    
    We must provide a written reminder and then after that remove them.  Ormiret has this automated afaik. 
    There is precedent for this in <A HREF="http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2017-March/000262.html">http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2017-March/000262.html</A> 
    The attachment of minutes is scrubbed but it has a dismemberment section that we can copy.

Candidates for Dismemberment from hackhub:
    
- - aman 
- - arlav   
- - brotev 
- - clambering_goat  
- - conorryan1   
- - enterobsidian 
- - noodle  
- - shell   
- - spring  

# Associate members 

Discussion on option to have assosiate members. Tom and Ed to draft assosiate member documents. 

General principles suggested and discussed.
- - 1/12th of standard membership
- - some access days per month or year
- - no box
- - done on trust
- - no vote
- - can bring guests 

Need to change articles, Tom and Ed to draft, general meeting (GM) required to approve.  The date for the GM to be 4 weeks after the directors agree on the draft.


# Premesis update from Ed

- - The ownership of Engage has changed from Andrew to Ian
- - Need a plan to agree with new owner
- - Ask andrew to conclude / terminate the lease
- - Need a new contract with Gaming Aberdeen
- - Furtherance discussion of current agreements
- - Terms July 1st

Ended: 19:54
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----

iQEzBAEBCAAdFiEEXk9UUZPolpyKWbgKA6H7ehkEdxsFAl3J758ACgkQA6H7ehkE
dxtwDwf+NxUvyksN31AV9g8qYN6xr8wO+VQ7bR332YHJ+fLyz3y/Zes2v8gHtglM
2FGpjzZAc0xbUykfzNc9Hx4EHGIDyj8jfERyyTOBla5DrVk1712/KOYk1saQjvJ3
BkcQXy5wNZNzUI/LkBl4/Fu8gXXMDMZiwQQaF2VW1zZEIV/mYQbgA5w5NO4wLmMO
SwEDFjdVF17repi3a8OrQ0k+NNWIAc5y4DO6R/u7v8qDdISdldqaxd03w2gZ3wtT
3Mkn7TPF4pjXFECEvDcGBPfLl+xkuxJFgc1kAJGWBIYmB0fqmCfvL92fGF0wdHHI
E3XdgJvvf4b2PgS0STgyzZzflbihug==
=BD4w
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/000310.html">[57north-ctte] Planning to call board meeting
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/000313.html">[57north-ctte] Dear 57North Board Members. In accordance Article 80 of our articles, I hereby call a board meeting schedulled for Thurs 21st Nov 9pm till 10pm. The purpose is to: - Approve the latest books for submission to Companies House and HMRC by 30 Nov; and - Discuss our Companies House portal interconnectivity issues with HMRC, and to check all is resolved. We can use the seating on the far side of the room (relative to our normal location) for the meeting, should the space itself be occupied. Regards, Ed Treasuring Director, 57North.
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/date.html#312">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/thread.html#312">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/subject.html#312">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/author.html#312">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://lists.57north.co/listinfo/57north-ctte">More information about the 57north-ctte
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-ctte/2019-November/000312.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Tue, 16 Nov 2021 10:43:40 GMT -->
</html>
